Michelle Espinoza: How are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Michelle Espinoza: Good. I missed your meeting yesterday I dropped my phone in a crocs.
Michelle Espinoza: When I couldn't get it to work or anything. And like our subset cuz my daughter was in here and I can borrow her phone or I was like oh my god, so I just got to know the phone now. So I said, I've ever seen you Rebecca, because to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was worried about you because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I knew you Isaac and, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, I knew, I knew. And I said, I need to get to see if I could get ahold of her somehow
Michelle Espinoza: You're getting actually buy oh I don't know, I just been waking up with like a really bad stomachache, and I see this marina has the runs
Michelle Espinoza: I think I've just overthinking all the stuff that's going on because now they really don't let us go out. You know what I mean, like, for just put a mask on and
Michelle Espinoza: I went out with my daughter years he go to Walmart and there was literally a line coming out of wall. I said, oh no, I can't do this. I told I got excited me right away. I was like, take me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take me home now.
Michelle Espinoza: So I think I've just been overwhelmed with everything that's going on, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: So, you know, I've been trying to eat stuffing, but this morning. I just woke up like I was last Friday just throwing up and I'm like oh my trauma that Obama getting sick and it sticks in my head right away.
Michelle Espinoza: So I'm just like, well, you should call that number. And I'm like, probably about this much to just calling the number to see if I don't have the virus.
Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: You know cuz I shouldn't be throwing up or anything.
Michelle Espinoza: It's just the other more. I just have too much going on in my head. Maybe that's just overthinking things too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't. Yeah, we can make you money.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Making yourself sick. Yeah, which we can do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean when things are, are, it depends on where our thoughts go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're attached to our feelings which is attached to our body. So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would be. It could be that, you know, it really could be you just started MTR you just started trauma there be all of that's coming up your losses are coming up. You know what I mean, you've got big stressful stuff that's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it could possibly know
Michelle Espinoza: I didn't get to do drama either. I didn't, I didn't do drama.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Michelle Espinoza: It's all
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Serena text me and said, I know you meet with Michelle weekly please let me know how she is she okay, ya know,
Michelle Espinoza: It's just a bit sick. Like I said, you know, I
Michelle Espinoza: Was falling asleep and I said, okay, so you have like 20 minutes before you do drama with her and i just i would i by the time I woke up. It was too late.
Michelle Espinoza: Sorry, because you know that have been getting my sleep and actually I've been sleep. I woke up, I woke up this morning like at 702 in the morning.
Michelle Espinoza: I couldn't go
Michelle Espinoza: To like seven this morning, then
Michelle Espinoza: Every time that I have a chance to go to fall asleep by just try to fall asleep. So that's what happened. I did, I did you travel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's right, it's right.
Michelle Espinoza: Then tomorrow I'm gonna see if I can do group in the morning because in the up my. You're not even gonna believe with someone I tell you this. It's just automated phone. Oh, my side of the family. Oh, but my sister, my brother not killed himself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, so it's just one thing after the other, I tell you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow. Michelle Oh my god, I'm so sorry.
Michelle Espinoza: Nothing.
Michelle Espinoza: First, you know, it's like my cousin, my cousin. And then my best anniversary and then know this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When did this happen.
Michelle Espinoza: No.
Michelle Espinoza: Tuesday night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy cow.
Yeah.
It's better
Michelle Espinoza: For the last few notes. I don't know what's going on. Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: I see. Are you with me so watching her boys just gripping you know
Michelle Espinoza: Again, like
Michelle Espinoza: I know exactly how she's feeling, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my Lord, I am so sorry.
Michelle Espinoza: That's not one another. It's just better notes cleaner and
Michelle Espinoza: Why he overdosed. We got the news about 1030 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god.
Michelle Espinoza: So it's just I don't know this month has been rolled out for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It has been horrific.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That doesn't even really cover it, to be honest with you, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Fighting and stuff. So she she came to stay with me. So she's been here with more stuff and then we got the call and I'm just like, oh my god, another one just my brain cannot do this anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's an that's a lot for anybody there. Uh, you know, nobody would be able to walk through the stuff that you're walking through, you know what I mean, and to do it sober. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's no wonder that you are sick. I mean, this is a lot. It's a lot of stuff to be to handle all at once, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: What it was like just phone for for well with everything.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, give us know what thing like last Friday I can relieve a business in a group, because I kept going to the bathroom and then this morning again.
Michelle Espinoza: Likewise, was my body doing this and like, I don't know if it's probably just my livers beefy servers and thinking about so much that I'm making myself sick, you know, I could eat and my rotary I took a lot of water during the day. So that's actually what a thrown up more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Its water.
Michelle Espinoza: Water. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: But I just been in and out of the bathroom again today. No, no, just
Michelle Espinoza: Just
Michelle Espinoza: It's a good suit, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to keep protect yourself and stay in the house. But you know, I, you know, I'm definitely not a medical doctor but I can tell you that you know what you're going through is such an extreme profound amount at one time, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Close. So, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: That's what we weren't really that close but still just just it just brings back memories, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Just yeah well my
Michelle Espinoza: In my sister.
Michelle Espinoza: Well, sorry, somebody was trying to call
That's okay.
Michelle Espinoza: And then your sister, what
Michelle Espinoza: And just the way she's hurting the way she's crying delicious grieving just reminded me of me when I lost my husband, I was going crazy.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I can only imagine you know I can't even fathom. I just can't even and God my heart goes out to you and your family. Michelle, you know, big to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You Scott, you know, you just got to take it easy one. One step at a time and be kind to yourself, don't drink because if you drink.
Michelle Espinoza: Lots of love in the bells.
I just
Michelle Espinoza: Said the money to give them, you know, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just know that that will will add compound, you know, you're compromised immune system. If you do, just know that that that's no good. It won't help you know anything as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Far as, you know, your immune system. So remember that piece when you start having those cravings. All right.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: Oh my gosh, I
Michelle Espinoza: Can't even cry anymore like this. I'm just tired of crying. Yeah, every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your sister is staying with you.
Michelle Espinoza: Yes, she's asleep right now, but just watching a little child to take care of rural China, you know, take care of myself.
Michelle Espinoza: Because she's just gonna kill myself too. And I remember saying the same words when my husband died.
Michelle Espinoza: It's
Michelle Espinoza: I'm so sorry. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's very hard right now, you know, very hard and you got to know that you know you have people that support you. I'm here, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you need to talk and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just do what, like you did today, go to the VC and just tell them I need to talk to, Becca, or I need to talk to either which one you know i mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And definitely, I'll be there, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, that's why I call this, I have to get all the resume. Oh, and my daughter just brought me a phone now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was
Michelle Espinoza: Like, oh my god, I can't believe I broke my phone out of all times that I needed to talk to you yesterday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was wondering about you. I'm like, where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is Michelle. What is. Oh god, I know, but I was worried that because you started trauma therapy that you just didn't want to that, you know, it was so much that you know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In a way that you just kind of wanted to back away from everything for a little bit and I was like, oh,
When
Michelle Espinoza: I do that I know that I would call and say, you know, hey, Rebecca, you know, I can't you, dear, whatever.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, it was just
Michelle Espinoza: That my phone, you know. Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: And then this phone. It's not like a new phone which it doesn't matter, but it cuts off and on a while ago and I was trying to get in like shut off. I mean, I'm like, Oh my God, where is she
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: So, yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: And then I was saying I was telling him that I was gonna do group tomorrow at 12 instead of one.
Michelle Espinoza: Uh huh. Cuz I'm going to go. We're going to meet up my mom's tomorrow. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who did you talk
Michelle Espinoza: To the people in the for the people that check me in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm gonna put a word out to the doctor, so he knows too. All right.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, it's because it's at 130 and that's what time they want to me, it's because we're my mom wants to say a rosary for my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh, good. Oh.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, so that's what we're gonna we're gonna do that tomorrow. So I said, I'll do group in the morning, which is 12 right my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like an hour before the group that we do together. So we do see this. The hour between New Mexico and California
Michelle Espinoza: Joe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Blow speak. Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: Well,
Michelle Espinoza: Because when we do need more of them.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, which is so we're trying so she said it'd be 12 my time 11 your time. I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, instead
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are usually
Michelle Espinoza: Just for tomorrow.
Michelle Espinoza: And then next Friday. I'll go back to 130
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Michelle Espinoza: I was like, I don't want to get in trouble with, you know, Rebecca, and then with the doctor and then I need my prescription
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, I am, and I think it's with him and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me throw one of their on there too, because she's the one that's in with him.
Michelle Espinoza: Well, you're not going to be the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I'm not in that group with him.
Michelle Espinoza: Well, another
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just another therapist that they do that group and then him and
I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do the other group.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, that's what we should
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, but I'll tell you what you'll you'll love one of their, you know, for the for this group. And just remember that it's a one time thing. You know what I mean. But she's, she's pretty awesome too. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and definitely at least so you can do your medical check in. You know what I mean, at least.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get get that piece handled before you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go go off. All right, and so I put the information to the doctor, so that he knows what's going on, knows why.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you don't you if you don't feel like even saying what's going on tomorrow. You don't have to because him and the office are aware
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, I probably hope because
Michelle Espinoza: Not there a new you already know everything that's going on with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Michelle Espinoza: I don't want anybody to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Because that's just going to open it up and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you're getting ready to do his family thing and oh my gosh, Michelle, if there's any way that I can support you, please don't hesitate to call in. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here. Just got to know that I'm not going anywhere. And if you need to talk to me to cry. I wish I could. I wish I was right there. This is what this is a time when I wish we were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sitting next to each other because I would just, I would just hug you. I'm so sorry you're going through all this stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's an awful lot.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know they they always say that things come in threes and this is the this is your three right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, this is your Korean and let's hope to God that you know this is it. And that you get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, some time to rest and get your body together let your body
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Heal a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, I'm not a medical doctor but I was definitely assume that that's what's happening, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: I think so, too, because I was doing good. And then all of a sudden I just started throwing up and I couldn't hold anything down and
Michelle Espinoza: It's just why this is going on, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that would be my assumption again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not a medical doctor, it's only an assumption. But, I mean, it's a lot of traumatic stuff, bam, bam, bam, bam. You know what I mean right off in one little tiny times, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it would make sense that your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Body would respond that way.
Michelle Espinoza: You know, go for I slept actually pretty good today.
Michelle Espinoza: Good during the day and stuff because I night I woke up and I can't go back to bed. Once I wake up, they go back to bed.
Michelle Espinoza: So I'm sitting around looking outside in the dark.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you praying, or are you, what do you
Michelle Espinoza: Play say my prayers and stuff. So that's what
Michelle Espinoza: I wanted to say that's why my mom wanted to. So we can go pear rosary for probably my mom and my brother in law, my cousin. Yeah, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: And then there's that really that many of us because my brothers and sisters, some of them live out of town so that we probably just like me and we'll of course my sister and
Michelle Espinoza: Will probably be like six or seven of us there.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, that's my mom and my sister, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: But
Michelle Espinoza: Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Being able to be together right now is going to be really important you know
Michelle Espinoza: I'll just do and my mom like it says she's a very, very good. You know God and she prays a lot of stuff. So she wanted to pray a rosary, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, so that was a good idea.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, oh that's we're going to meet slow at one, so that would have been the most groups I that's what I wanted to change till till 12 this read this, I could get my meds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm gonna throw an email out to him. He's not online right now, but I'm going to throw an email out to him, letting him know that I saw you today. And, you know, would he be willing to give you a refill let you do your medical check in and then go so that you don't have to
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Does that work.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, cuz I really wouldn't want to because I'm not because I'm not used to that group. I'm used to ours.
Michelle Espinoza: And I'd rather just, you know, be if it'd be you. You know, I don't want to
Michelle Espinoza: It's just too much for me to talk to everybody about this. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Michelle Espinoza: And then I've ever been to that group before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I totally understand that it's going to be something weird already you know
Well,
Michelle Espinoza: Thank you.
Michelle Espinoza: Do you think, let me just check in and leave. Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: I do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, he's got to be hard and you know definitely with everything he already knows that you're you. You know, he knows about your cousin. He knows about the anniversary. He knows that you just had been starting trauma therapy. So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't see why he wouldn't. I mean, he's a good doctor, you know,
Michelle Espinoza: Was
Michelle Espinoza: Giving me prescriptions like for two weeks or for that one week you know cuz he has some for two weeks. Yeah, which was better for me because it's hard for me to get a ride.
Michelle Espinoza: She was a sponsor for now they have
Michelle Espinoza: They have people. We have to be waiting outside to get my prescription and stuff.
Michelle Espinoza: So he gave me a prescription for two weeks last time.
Okay, so
Michelle Espinoza: It will be good if you can give me the prescription for the next two weeks again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: No relapses us to level up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm typing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I'm typing information for him right now.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay.
Michelle Espinoza: So you know about my brother in London.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been throwing up
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: I don't know if it's because I'm taking the medicine and then I'm not eating numbers.
Michelle Espinoza: Well, today. I've been throwing up, but I haven't been like, but I've been eating. No, I have the meeting.
Michelle Espinoza: This morning, made some crackers, though. Just to settle my stomach, though.
Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I just I gave him your symptoms to have what with your throwing up and diarrhea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, he's not online right this very second but you know i know that he will respond as soon as he does and let you know Let me know what's going on. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, just be there in the morning in group for check in. I'm sure he'll address you right off the bat, so that there's a game plan. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And I asked if if you could just do your medical check in and go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I included the counselor that's in that group too. So maybe we'll get a response from from her, but it either. Which way, whenever I do, I'll email you and let you know.
Michelle Espinoza: Don't have an email.
Michelle Espinoza: I love to. Oh.
Michelle Espinoza: I guess I have a new mother usually
Michelle Espinoza: text it to me or text me
Michelle Espinoza: You can text it to them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, he's texting. He's typing right now.
That's what's crazy about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This format that we have. I can see you know when he's online, but I also see when he starts texting, so I'll wait.
Michelle Espinoza: Well, that's good.
Michelle Espinoza: We could get, we could get together right away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the morning, instead of our usual group just for tomorrow. I remember that. Okay. Can she do medical check in and then go we continue to give her two weeks at a time. It worked for her with her rides. No, no relapses but she's struggling with throwing up and diarrhea. I'm wondering
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She can join a group on Friday morning and we will do medical check in LIKELY CONTINUE THE TWO WEEKS grips as long as she continues to attain group and individual therapy. Yes, she will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Michelle Espinoza: Yeah, that's what I wanted to talk to you. I didn't get it done. And yeah, I'll do told you on Tuesday and Wednesday. I'll do the
Michelle Espinoza: Go back to normal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, he said yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you just go in and tomorrow to check in an hour early do your medical check in and then you know go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll deal with the things that you need to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With okay
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, I appreciate that. I really appreciate your help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that we can do to support you, Michelle. Just know that. All right.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, so then, I'll see you on Wednesday. Then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. So you
Michelle Espinoza: Know you're not serene on Tuesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and if there's anything you need in between now and then please, please call the virtual clinic and get me on the phone. All right.
Michelle Espinoza: Well,
Michelle Espinoza: Thank you. I appreciate you. Yeah.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. I'll talk to you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Michelle Espinoza: Okay, I'm going to go back to the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, bye. Michelle.
What
Casey Lane: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well hello there, Mr. CASEY How are you today.
Casey Lane: Doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. Listen, this won't take us very long, it's just
Casey Lane: You're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Building your chart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, anyways. Um, alright, so the first question on the bio psychosocial is what brings you to bright heart and why now.
Casey Lane: Brian or was forced upon me in a way we knew it was coming. I guess it was a
Casey Lane: What was it kind of a plan B to where the clinic that I went to. And I guess our doctor was leaving, and they wanted to find a different way of doing things. And so
Casey Lane: You guys work closely together and then they recommended us going there. And so when I was kind of like against it. At first when I knew it was coming. I was like, Oh, man.
Casey Lane: But then after when when I joined and stuff and started kind of taking part. It was my my mind totally changed everything. So
Casey Lane: And so now I actually did it earlier came earlier on that I was supposed to
Casey Lane: They I didn't have to switch over. When I did, I could have waited until quite, quite a while, but I chose to just to get it done and just get on the road and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything is worked out, huh.
Casey Lane: Yes, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so the next question is, can you give me your substance abuse history like AG first use, what was the substance that you first use and how did it progress until you got sober, because I know you have multiple years sober.
Casey Lane: Yeah, yeah, it's almost seven now.
Casey Lane: So, okay, yeah. When I first. I think I first used when I was 1414 or 15 years old, one of the two and I had a, like a bunch of growths of like small warts all over my hands and so
Casey Lane: When I went to the doctor, they burnt them all off. And I was in a bunch of pain and I think they gave me something for pain then only like a little bit and then after that was over. I was still in pain.
Casey Lane: So my mother gave me some of of her pills and so I was taking those like very, very small amounts of that.
Casey Lane: It was Marco is what I was taking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Into that
And then
Casey Lane: After a while because the friends I hung out with, you know, I wasn't very like impressionable or anything peer pressure but
Casey Lane: A few friends that I was hanging out with. It was like, oh, you know, you can take those and so those and all this stuff. So, after a while, I kind of just went with it and then
Casey Lane: My one of my best friends. I grew up with his, his mom was kind of, I don't want to say like terminal, but she was really, really bad sick lot of problems, you know,
Casey Lane: And so she was prescribed oxycontin, which was 80 milligrams, which is like the highest milligram, you can get at that time and the highest dose, you can get at that time, too. But she wasn't really taking them. She never really took them so
Casey Lane: After getting getting high on the pills at my mom was given me. I was like well well at and this and that. I was trying to do the math, and I took two to 80 oxy cotton is my first time ever at that age, and I was in bed sick for like two or three days, pretty much overdosed. You know, and
Casey Lane: My mom was like, What's wrong, what's wrong. And I was just like, I'm just sick, you know, I was trying to play it off but
Casey Lane: But he would have thought it was stopped there, but I just, I was like, Well, I like the way it made me feel for the first you know hour before I got sick. So I was like, let's try one did the same thing. So I just kept trying to lesser less it less it
Casey Lane: In so my my big thing was taken oxy cotton for a lot of years.
In so
Casey Lane: I had a I had back problems and leg problems myself that I had developed and
Casey Lane: And so
Casey Lane: I was talking to a doctor and getting you know just establishing care and all that stuff and then
Casey Lane: At some point in time when I was almost like 15 and a half, maybe around that age. I was prescribed
Casey Lane: Methadone and so I was taking, I think it was two or three a day 10s and at that age and so
Casey Lane: That's pretty much where I stopped using, you know, the docs econ and just only took those
Casey Lane: Pretty much until I was 30 years old so about 15 years or so.
Casey Lane: So,
Casey Lane: I did have like a stint in my life where I think it was maybe almost a year, maybe a little less than a year.
Casey Lane: Where I did use intravenous drugs and
Casey Lane: So, and I was shooting up you know oxy cotton. But that was a time where they were trying to make them or wasn't were abused proof. And so it was like a little bit before then. And so
Casey Lane: I wasn't able to do that for a while and then
Casey Lane: I quit.
Casey Lane: Quit shooting up, which I'm I just can't because a lot of the friends I was doing what they, some of them are, you know, still doing it. Some of them.
Casey Lane: Were they weren't able to quit, but I was able to stop using the needle. After about a year and I just quit it after that I was it, you know, but I still used drugs after right
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: So yeah, I was, I was just prescribed it got more and more because it was it just wasn't enough. Right. You know, two or three turns to the however many just growing up and getting used to it and I had found
Casey Lane: Well, me and my mom are going to the same doctor and Eureka. I had a doctor in Eureka would drive every month to and
Casey Lane: She, I think, at the height of it before I got clean. I think I was getting like what 15 or 20 pills prescribed a day of those things and
Casey Lane: Wow, so it was, it was really, really bad.
Casey Lane: And especially at a young age, you know,
Casey Lane: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now you have seven years sober.
Casey Lane: Yeah, I know. I can't block.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It rocks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Casey Lane: It's, it's definitely a lot different. A lot different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you still struggle with pain.
Casey Lane: Oh yeah, definitely. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what in that what was was the cause of the pain.
Casey Lane: Um, so I never really figured out what started it when I was growing up, a lot of the doctors really it first tried to figure it out and tried not to go the pill route, you know, and
Casey Lane: They just a lot of them were saying it was either a hereditary or or what I just, I never figured out what happened.
Casey Lane: But I started developing spinal stenosis. Bulging discs and things of that nature. And so I went to see a surge. And actually, I think it was not that long ago, actually maybe maybe a couple years maybe
Casey Lane: And it was supposed to be like one of the best ones you know in in the country or whatever. And so what they were saying was pretty much
Casey Lane: I would have to go to some kind of university to get a surgery because it's not, you know, shave a little bone here and there, it's, you know, pretty much my life would change after that I'd have to do everything different pretty much not saying that I'll be worse after but it's just like
Casey Lane: I don't know, it's a major surgery. So like rebuilding you know certain things or whatever.
Casey Lane: It's it was hard to hear. Because yeah, you know,
Casey Lane: But yeah, I struggle with it all the time. All the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, the Suboxone and it helps with
Casey Lane: I think, I think so. I think not, like, you know,
Casey Lane: Not a lot, but I definitely think so.
Casey Lane: Because truthfully, I'm, I'm in a lot less pain than, than I was when I was using
Casey Lane: Yeah, because I was using it for a crutch. Big time. You know, I wasn't paying, but it was like it was more in pain, but it was using it as a crutch to so
Casey Lane: Now that when I got clean, you know, ibuprofen and what I take now is pretty much, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you do
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever been to treatment in the past.
Casey Lane: Like for drugs or anything like that. No, actually. No, I never
Casey Lane: I lived in a family that was pretty much it wasn't like looked down upon to use my mom. She was an ex user. My sister used drugs, you know, she we all had prescriptions right you know and and we all borrowed from each other. Did this does that
Casey Lane: And so it wasn't really looked down upon for me being, being a user
Casey Lane: My family just was like that. It wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Casey Lane: You know, you, you're struggling, you need to get your life you know together. It wasn't like that at all. It's like we were all struggling and we all dependent on each other so
Casey Lane: I never felt guilty for things like that I
Casey Lane: But I was never liked the thief. I never sold things I never did like crazy outlandish things to get drugs. If I didn't have it. It fucking sucks. And I just write it out. I would sell my my TVs are my stuff my own stuff.
Casey Lane: But I never crossed that line. I was always usually kept that that that line and crossed and
Casey Lane: And I'm usually that person is a if I'm going to do something I do it like I quit. You know, quit using the needle and that should sucked. Big time. And the first time, pretty much. I was like, well, I'm gonna quit drugs. I'm going to go to a program and
Casey Lane: I just, you know, hit the ground running. So yep yep and the program that
Casey Lane: That I switched to from here is the only program that I've ever tried to go to, or thought about going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that was with Dr groves and Tony at the moment. Great.
Casey Lane: Yes, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, no mental health diagnosis.
Casey Lane: I've never had never went to mental health type stuff.
Casey Lane: I have been asked, you know,
Casey Lane: To see if I wanted to go with certain things and things like that.
Casey Lane: But for me it's it's always like I do struggle with things but it's it's not so much to where I feel that I need the actual, you know, real mental health, like there are some people that really need mental health out there.
Casey Lane: Yeah, and
Casey Lane: I'm just not that spot, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past suicide attempts, know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past homicide attempts
Know,
Casey Lane: Any like
Casey Lane: Like like hurt like wanting to hurt somebody, and almost killing them, or whatever.
Casey Lane: Yeah, no, no. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any thoughts about suicide. Have you ever struggled with a period of time where you were, where you had thoughts of suicide.
Casey Lane: No, no, not really. Suicide has never been a thing in my mind I I love life so much and even in my using and hating life. I still, you know, I like to be alive.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's weird, but I do that we are. No, it's okay. I'm kind of scared scared of it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past self harm that's just cutting a burning or anything like that. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so can you can you elaborate a little bit on your family unit growing up where your parents together your whole life. Did they divorce. How old were you if they did divorce when that happened. How many siblings do you have, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was your family like growing up.
Casey Lane: That kind of stuff. Sure, sure.
Casey Lane: When I grew up, it was
Casey Lane: So my, my mom.
Casey Lane: My real father and my mom, you know, had you know relations and then I was conceived and then they broke up and then
Casey Lane: Another man came into my life and that's who I call dad. And so he came into my life when I was six months old. And then, but my mom was, you know, seeing both of them. And so when I when I came out. My mom was telling both of them. Hey, he's yours.
Casey Lane: And so when she left my dad, my, my biological father and my mom got with Mark, which is my, my dad who I call dad.
Casey Lane: He didn't know that my mom was doing that. And so my mom knew who I really belong to. And so she would sneak him over there and, you know, say this is your kid.
Casey Lane: But he never believed, my mom because he was clinically pronounced sterile. So he
Casey Lane: He was like, There's no fucking way. So, but after a while I'll skip forward a little bit and then go back at around 11 or a 10 or something like that. Maybe nine or 10 they did a paternity and down. I was, you know, later on in life. I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Casey Lane: So my, my dad, you know, found out that she had been sneaking over to come and see me and stuff. And then my dad back then. He was a hard ass and you know he knew how to fight and all that stuff and was super tough.
Casey Lane: Though scared him away and
Casey Lane: I didn't talk to my real dad until I was 10 or so. And so when I I grew up with my mom and my dad. They both
Casey Lane: Were big cocaine users.
Casey Lane: And they sold a lot of cocaine and we had
Casey Lane: You know, moved around a lot.
Casey Lane: One maybe in one time, four or five times in a year. And that's just, you know, not the first time. That's just, you know, a lot of in one year.
Casey Lane: And we
Casey Lane: Would set our life a little bit different, was we were living in a trailer park and we had the, you know, usually trailer parks have like the office building type of thing. And so
Casey Lane: It was set up on a hill, and then the trailer park was like down the hill and so I guess my mom and my dad were selling a lot of cocaine at that time. And so they there were federal agents that were
Casey Lane: That were in the places that were kind of next to them. And so my, my dad was telling my mom, you know, because he was
Casey Lane: A fucking weirdo at that time to, you know, and so he was like, there's people over there. I can see him through the window and all this other shit and like tell them I'm all this stuff, you know, and she's like Mark, you're fucking crazy.
Casey Lane: No, there's nobody over there, this and this, I can see through the window. There's like nobody lives there.
Casey Lane: Come to find out, you know, they
Casey Lane: My mom, my mom and my dad because my mom Bart ended at the time.
Casey Lane: Being my dad. My dad was a
Casey Lane: Well, I don't want to say lumberjack is kind of an old word, but, you know, chop trees down and
Casey Lane: You know, all those things worked with wood and
Casey Lane: So my mom was bartending. And then they they met somebody at the bar, who they were selling drugs to and then he wanted you know needed a place to stay. So he was living at the house for a while.
Casey Lane: I think it was like six months or so well come to find out he was an undercover agent. Right. And so he was living in our house for a while and then, but he was actually using drugs with my mom and stuff and shooting up and whatever. And so at the time.
Casey Lane: They didn't ask no questions about that. So they got caught up.
Casey Lane: My dad.
Casey Lane: I think he he was able to you know get a lot of that stuff like out of the house before they came so it wasn't as big as what it could have been and
Casey Lane: I think, yeah, my mom went to jail. And then I went with my grandmother and grandparents and my mom didn't get a big jail sentence or anything. It was kind of like her first offense. And then my grandparents helped with money and stuff to get her out.
Casey Lane: And then it was kind of pretty much after that it was not as crazy but
Casey Lane: They, they like to fight my mom and my dad. They like to, you know, abuse, each other and my mom didn't just sit back and get beat you fight him, they would drink because she was a bartender. They beat each other up. I'd hear it all night long.
Mm hmm.
Casey Lane: And my dad. I guess I don't remember this, but my mom said that my dad used to like to torture me and stuff and do certain little weird things
Casey Lane: You know, just be like, super mean, you know, like, oh, do you want ice cream. Oh, and like, take it away. You know those kinds of
Casey Lane: Yeah, little things and
Casey Lane: So he made gave me a mohawk. When I was really young and just all kinds of stupid shit, you know,
Casey Lane: And so
Casey Lane: It was abusive as well with me, but it was, you know, I got my ass whooped and spanked. But I also did things to get in trouble.
Casey Lane: And my mom had a balance of, you know, loving me and you know spanking me when I need it. Sometimes she would go overboard. Yes, but
Casey Lane: You know she loved me where it really counted and things like that. So I was able to after she what my ass. I can go and hug on her and stuff. If I wanted so she wasn't super mean you know
Casey Lane: And so I guess it was a little bit after after that period. They had broke up because my mom's got tired of getting beat up and
Casey Lane: So she had kicked him out and then developed another relationship.
Casey Lane: With somebody
Casey Lane: During that time. And so my dad would try to come over and when she was in a relationship and start fights and argue and whatever.
Casey Lane: And so that kind of calmed down, he kind of stayed away for a while and then she brought a new guy in
Casey Lane: And this is kind of like the shitty or shitty or time in my life than than that because I was kind of a young some of that. I don't remember some of it. I was just told
Casey Lane: No, I do. I do remember
Casey Lane: But this stuff is where I really, really remember when I was, you know, 10 910 you know that can age.
Yeah.
Casey Lane: So I think it was maybe for the first you know year or so.
Casey Lane: And we lived here in Crescent City where I live now Crystal City, California, pretty much never have gotten away from this place so
Casey Lane: But, um,
Casey Lane: So they got together and then I guess they we. I don't know why we moved or whatever I he was a carpenter and so he got jobs. A lot of places. And he was gone for months at a time. Sometimes what two months, a month. And so I guess there was some big job. And it was near Eugene, Oregon.
Casey Lane: at a place called Young color and there's, it's kind of like there's a smaller part of that town called drain. So it's like drain young color. And I think Eugene is short. Shortly after
Casey Lane: Then so so we lived in a move to like 68 acre ranch with like with a house there. And so the ranch. You know, we can free roam do whatever we didn't actually ranch. But the owner. We rented from them. And so when we we stayed there.
Casey Lane: That's when she got real weird I have and I do have a sister. I have a biological sister and she she was there after all this as well. I didn't want to leave, leave her out, you know, and she she was there with me as well, she's she was four years older than I was.
Casey Lane: And I'm trying to get that from so you can see a little better.
Casey Lane: And she was four years older than I was. And so
Casey Lane: We when we moved to I think it was a double wide. It was like a six or seven bedroom double wide and
Casey Lane: I don't know how how it started. But I know kind of the day I started
Casey Lane: I was laying in in my bedroom. It was nighttime. My mom was bartending. It was you know she didn't come home, you know, until like early, early in the morning, three o'clock in the morning and
Casey Lane: I was sexually molested by him for a lot of years.
Casey Lane: Yeah, I was laying in bed and I can he came into my room and he was just like
Casey Lane: My big thing was like karate movies and explosions and things like that. So I loved you know old Chuck Norris movies, you name it.
Casey Lane: Yeah, so he's like, Hey, do you want to go and watch a movie and all this stuff. And I was like, shit. I just stay up and do whatever. Okay. And so
Casey Lane: You know, I went into the bedroom, but his thing at the time now that I think back, so he always like to have have like all of us like my mom, my sister me
Casey Lane: Like hat like tickle his legs and his like feet or his back or whatever, you know, people like to have you scratch your back for a
Casey Lane: While or do whatever. Well, his thing. He had to like, you know, lightly rub your hand up and down. You know, I had to sit there for fucking hours doing that shit. And I hated it. And so I guess that
Casey Lane: He was I was laying I was just laying there and I was watching the show. And then I think he like grabbed me put his arm around me and then I was like,
Casey Lane: In my mind, I'm like, What's going on, you know, because he was he was a an asshole. He wasn't nice. You know, so total beta male asshole and
Casey Lane: So,
Casey Lane: I think that was pretty much it. That's like the first time he was like, kind of, you know,
Casey Lane: When the grab and when they grab any can't get away and you're just like, Okay, just stay here fucking forever, I guess, you know, so it's kind of like that and I
Casey Lane: I told my mom at the time a little after that that had happened, and she was like, oh, he just he gets drunk and maybe he thought you were me and all this stuff, you know, as a kid. I'm like, oh, okay, I guess so.
Casey Lane: And it just kind of got progressively worse from there, you know,
Casey Lane: You'd go into my manager go my bedroom.
Casey Lane: And then pretty much lay lay next to me like that. And then, you know, he would
Casey Lane: You know, use his hand to grab my my shit.
Casey Lane: You know, and
Casey Lane: It was, it was like that for a long time and he actually got so brazen that we were in the front, front room and his twin brother was on the couch and then I think
Casey Lane: Somebody was on the other couch on the other side of the room and I was laying there under a blanket or whatever. We were just laying there watching TV, and he was even doing that shit. Then like
Casey Lane: messing with me then, like in front of nobody was paying attention. You know, I didn't say anything because I was scared. You know, yeah.
And so
Casey Lane: It's just it was it was torture, he was pretty much it was, you know, got a little more heated than that. There's, there was a, you know, no penetration or nothing, and nothing might, you know, crazy like that, but he would make me grab him and, you know, or vice versa, and that
Casey Lane: It freezes you up. You know, I don't. I didn't know what to do. I was literally paralyzed with fear. I never wanted to move. I didn't want to breathe. I you know I just wasn't sure.
Casey Lane: Yeah, so
Casey Lane: After I think it was like for four or five years of that shit. And I remember
Casey Lane: My mom actually was worried about some shit happening to my sister, because my sister was coming of age, she was getting boobs and, you know, my sister, even when she got older, she was overtly sexual and really, really, you know, ninefold type stuff to you know
Casey Lane: That I turned out the complete opposite.
Just
Casey Lane: Don't like I can care less about sex. I don't care about none of that shit, it just
Casey Lane: doesn't ever enter, enter my mind.
Casey Lane: I don't know. I guess it's either one extreme to the next, you know, one way or the other.
Casey Lane: And so a lot of that she was going on. I told I ended up telling my mom like
Casey Lane: You know that pretty much the details what happened and then
Casey Lane: Man, this shit sucks. So see, she came home and then after it was like a few days. I was wondering what she was doing or thinking because I was like, what is going to happen now.
Casey Lane: So she she comes into it you know outside. I was playing and she's like, Well, I had a talk with him and he says that he didn't do anything to you.
Casey Lane: And you know you need to stop lying and I'm just like, Mom, I'm not lying. I'm telling I'm telling you the truth, you know,
Casey Lane: And he was in. She was like, I don't know if I believe you. I, I talked to him. And I think that your lines. So you need to go in there, you need to say you're sorry for lying to him, and you need to shake his hand and you need to say sorry
Casey Lane: So what do you think I did swallowed my pride in their said sorry for lion.
Casey Lane: shook his hand then that shit. Oh my God got so much worse because while she was gone. He was super mad at me though that so then he started you know hitting me and all kinds of stuff.
Casey Lane: When she wasn't looking or, you know, just being super mean shoving me down or just stupid tripping me when I'm walking by, or stupid shit.
Casey Lane: And breaking my things and so
Casey Lane: I actually, the good thing that I did.
Casey Lane: I have the one person that I feel this that saved me from from there is my aunt, Cindy.
Casey Lane: And my aunt, Cindy.
Casey Lane: She was at the time, like a social worker. She worked in Brookings Oregon and she did. It was called Community action is what the place was called and so it helped people
Casey Lane: From all like what people homeless people and to get funding and all these types of things. So she kind of had connections with certain things and in so
Casey Lane: During that time, after I told her she believed me right away. I mean right away and and so she told me she said you know it's it's going to take time, but she says you don't say anything to your mom or nothing. It'll take time.
Casey Lane: Please just hold out a little bit longer. And, you know, I'll see what I can do. And so
Casey Lane: I, you know, waited and waited.
Casey Lane: And then finally, well, he was gone on a you know trip because he, like I said he'd go for a month. Sometimes, or whenever he was gone.
Casey Lane: My mom was working. So it was just me and my sister. And so we always spent a lot of time alone. Her watching me.
Casey Lane: She beat me up to you. Normal sister shit so until I got old enough, right. So,
Casey Lane: My, my aunt, Cindy drove all the way from Brookings
Casey Lane: To there. It's like a six.
Casey Lane: six hour trip or whatever, and she called me ahead of time, and was like Pack your things, pack your stuff.
Casey Lane: I'm leaving a little bit of part out. So be before then before like an another week went by are so
Casey Lane: My mom. She was like, well, I bet you know she sleep in my room. So she I slept in her room with her. I had a bed on the floor.
Casey Lane: And my mom was like a heavy sleeper snore heavy sleeper.
Casey Lane: And so what he would do is he would try to talk to me underneath the door and he would
Casey Lane: Whisper things and he would like rub his fingers under the door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he would, you know,
Casey Lane: Call my name.
Casey Lane: And of course, I just be like frozen just sit there and not want to say nothing. That'd be like, Mom, Mom. I'm trying to like wake her up because her bed was a pyre. And I was on the floor.
Casey Lane: Right, so I was trying to get her attention. I can never fucking get her to see like literally right when he'd be done. She'd wake up like, what, you know, I, she just I can never at that time prove to her that that was going on.
Casey Lane: But later on when we were, you know, when I was a little bit more of an adult and she was, you know, of course, we talked more about it and
Casey Lane: You know she knew some things were going on, but she was just stuck you know in a in her own world as well.
Casey Lane: So my name is Cindy came she sold us pretty much sold us away.
Casey Lane: And when my mom got back, she was, you know, freaking out. She didn't, didn't know what's going on. Some is and he called her and told her you know your kids have been telling you this
Casey Lane: You know, for however long and you did fucking nothing about it. So, so she came and took us and then we got taken away from her, and
Casey Lane: Man, it was like
Casey Lane: Six months or eight months we lived with my grandpa again.
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: Yeah, he was he was an asshole as well. If you can imagine. So he
Casey Lane: I struggled with him because he was, you know, I don't want to say like military but he he was in the army. He spent time in the Army when his younger and got out so wakes up for am has everything set out that that kind of thing regain alright so
Casey Lane: Wash your hands and comb your hair before you go to dinner, and I didn't. I was struggling with wearing underwear as a kid for something. I just wasn't wasn't it's kind of normal kids struggle with weird things all the time so I
Casey Lane: Like to wear underwear. Sometimes, or whatever. And so if I didn't
Casey Lane: I would wear them go to school, take them off and try to put them on before I came home.
Casey Lane: And then he catch me doing that and I broke my sister's glasses. He'd beat the shit out of me for that. I didn't know which way was up or down. I literally couldn't see nothing. I was like getting flung all the way. Or I could. Everything was a blur. So it was pretty crazy there too.
Casey Lane: But he provided for me, you know, of course, food, whatever he he had a lot of money. So he was able to do those things, you know, buy Christmas gifts school clothes.
Casey Lane: But it took a long time for my mom to get me back, and I was really fucking upset at her, you know, she's given me a load of garbage, but at the time I was a kid. So I thought, like a kid. I didn't
Casey Lane: Think like that you know now that I'm an adult, I look back on that stuff and it just really sucks you know she she had back problems on her own, because she she did later get surgery.
Casey Lane: And I had to take care of her.
Casey Lane: She couldn't move for months, me and my sister took care of her. So at the time this was kind of before we got
Casey Lane: Got back with her. She
Casey Lane: Well, she gave me excuses, you know, will my back went out and I was trying to save money and I was in bed. I laid up in bed, I can like all these lame ass excuses like taking time
Casey Lane: Because she was still living there with him for a while before she left. And so she was only well the the cops got involved, like I said,
Casey Lane: I had, I was questioned a lot
Casey Lane: My sister was question she was never touched
Casey Lane: Things happened to her later on in life through someone else she was raped it 15
Casey Lane: By
Casey Lane: A Mexican immigrant who didn't speak English or anything so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She
Casey Lane: So she struggled with her own things later in life. But at that time it was that wasn't going on.
Casey Lane: I talked to, you know, social workers, you name it, and
Casey Lane: They definitely twisted some of my words around or asked me certain questions to get certain answers that I didn't
Casey Lane: Like to me getting a spanking at my when I was young, you know, my mom said, well, if you don't get out of there. I'm going to beat your ass with me. That's a spanking.
Casey Lane: Beat your end to somebody else is beating you. So you know so certain words that I thought that were normal turned out to, you know, it really kind of screwed us too. So I felt guilty that I'm the one that
Casey Lane: Said, all these things to get taken away. And, you know, my mom didn't help any either. She wasn't, you know, parents of the year about it and she was like
Casey Lane: She's that person. You don't say, you know, don't say anything. Don't talk to cops about nothing. Don't say this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is
Casey Lane: In everything's fine type of person so
Casey Lane: I didn't really know what to say to them, and
Casey Lane: I said, I guess what I wanted to and what really happened. And she suffered the consequences for it.
Casey Lane: Nothing ever happened to that full either nothing happened to that guy ever. Nothing. Nothing ever came in of him getting in trouble.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that guessing.
Casey Lane: It fucking is insanely crazy good like living my life. The whole all the time. I'm like, Mom, like
Casey Lane: How come you know this and how come that like can I can I press charges. Can I do all this stuff and it just nothing ever
Casey Lane: You know,
Casey Lane: That shit. Yeah.
Casey Lane: It still bothers me. To this day, but it's something that I kind of
Casey Lane: Put aside, you know,
Casey Lane: Yeah, and so anyway I was mad at my mom because
Casey Lane: She, she was allowed to see me, you know, you're only mandated to see them every so often like the court says well you can see them this this many times of this long or something.
Casey Lane: A month or twice a month or three times a month.
Casey Lane: I think she was allowed to see us for four times a month and I maybe only seen her once if that a month, but, you know, as, as an adult, I understand it's you know it's not as easy. Is that for one you know she didn't really have a car she lived really far away, and it was hard for her to
Casey Lane: To do the back and forth, you know, and at the kid. I don't. As a kid, I understand that. I'm just like, why don't you fucking take me out of here and
Casey Lane: On my, on my birthday.
Casey Lane: My, my grandma had a mentally challenged grandchild and
Casey Lane: It was my birthday cake was lit it was time to blow out the candles. Right. And then she's like, well, we'll hold off. CASEY Why, why don't we have selling so blow them out.
Casey Lane: So I was like, okay, so I just sit there. Right. And then when he blows out the candles, you fucking spits everywhere gets it all over the cake, so I'm upset because I grew up with nothing, not even really birthdays have a birthday cake and a birthday was fucking insane for me.
Casey Lane: Is over him to spit everywhere. I was super upset and so I got up and I ran into my room. I was crying you know
Casey Lane: And my mom came in and I was laying on the bed. She came, came in late on the bed with me, put her arm around me and just pretty much sat there for a while and didn't say didn't say anything.
Casey Lane: And then I'm just like,
Casey Lane: You know, and I was like trying to be quiet. So it's like, Why can't, why can't I just go in your car, I can get in your trunk and then you can just drive and we can just
Casey Lane: You know, little kid stuff, you know, I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, I want to go with you. Yeah.
Casey Lane: Yeah, I'm like why why can't you just, you know, go in your trunk don't never know. And then we can do, you know, just go home and
Casey Lane: And man, is that it was really, really hard to deal with. Yeah.
Casey Lane: I was just like, pretty much just upset or because I couldn't couldn't get out of there and
Casey Lane: So he time passes, and
Casey Lane: I think I was helping my grandpa mow the lawn or something. He had a riding lawn mower, and I would sit on the top, you know, so we're driving around, doing whatever and then my grandma comes out and then she's like, Hey, you know, can, can you give us a minute. And I said, yeah, so I
Casey Lane: You know, walked away and I can see them talking and me and my sisters Stan Stan in there. And she was like, cool. What do you think they're talking about
Casey Lane: I don't know, and, and they didn't look happy, you know, at all. And they look like they're, you know, arguing a little bit or whatever because they didn't want me to go back to my mom, obviously.
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: So my grandma She came, came up to me and she's
Casey Lane: Like well better Stargate your stuff together. I guess your mom's coming here in the next couple days going to come get you. And so, of course, me and my sister were super happy. Right. Well, yeah. Yeah, and
Casey Lane: I think. Yeah. And then I went with my mom. My mom had a
Casey Lane: She had to have certain guidelines for us to come back, obviously.
Casey Lane: You know, had to have a place stable place and a job, I think.
Casey Lane: And so she went to Brookings where she grew up and as there's some friends there and she got a house was renting a house. It's actually not there anymore. I went there, not that long ago and
Casey Lane: It was on a road. I remember every bit of it and I was driving there with my girlfriend. Weird. And I was like, they actually put a store there where it where it is now where the house was. And so I was like, oh, it's not there anymore and
Casey Lane: So the house was a one bedroom. It wasn't a studio, but it was a one bedroom and then kitchen, living room and
Casey Lane: Maybe the the living room was maybe
Casey Lane: What 15 feet by like 10 feet. It was super small and the kitchen was pretty much you know where you can cook and then like maybe a small table with two chairs and then you just walk right out the door. It was very, very small and
Casey Lane: The bedroom.
Casey Lane: Pretty much like my closet is almost bigger than that bedroom, and so the
Casey Lane: The bedroom had a closet in it as well. And so my mom. She slipped out in the living room on the on a couch. My sister had the bedroom.
Casey Lane: You know, and then I put a we had like a little mattress that fit like perfectly inside the closet. So I had a bed in that little closet thing. And so that's how it was for a while for a while there.
Casey Lane: And then
Casey Lane: I think
Casey Lane: We moved back to Crescent City at some point in time.
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: You know, everything was, you know, she promised me that she was never going to be with anybody again after what happened.
Casey Lane: You know, and the guy who did that to me. His name is Jerry
Casey Lane: Jerry Mathis. Is his name and
Casey Lane: So,
Casey Lane: She was liking on never be with anybody. Again, you know, this, this and this and I pretty much lived with my mom until I was 2425, you know, I was a mama's boy I stayed stayed with her forever, and I took care of her because she was always sick. She was always
Casey Lane: You know, you know, back problems, whatever. And then she got it, she got in a car accident and made it way worse. He had broke both of her legs and then after that she can never regained her balance. You could just barely walk and
Casey Lane: So I pretty much use it as an excuse to not get out and do my own life and just pretty much stayed with her and take care of her.
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: You know, pretty much grown up.
Casey Lane: I would steal her pills, you know,
Casey Lane: She got pills and stuff. So I would steal her pills a lot from her. And that's pretty much the only person that hurt like that.
Casey Lane: What's her, and that's what I regret the most even even go into like counseling with Tony and like being in groups.
Casey Lane: That's the thing that I'm mostly Phil super upset about is that I, you know, stole pills from her and things like that. Even I didn't, didn't really do it. I didn't do it to anybody else. But her feel super bad this because he's passed away. Now I think because why I feel really bad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So did do this whole through everything. Did you manage to graduate high school
Casey Lane: No, I was shitty in school. I was okay. I did go to school until I hit. I think sophomore sophomore year in school and high school, the freshman was me kind of okay
Casey Lane: I wasn't picked on and bullied or nothing. I had a lot of friends everywhere. I mean, I knew everybody but I just didn't apply myself.
Casey Lane: You know, super smart whatever was everybody says, I just didn't apply myself and really screwed that up and I I got into a continuation school and
Casey Lane: I met somebody there that mentored me for a long time and he kept me around as long as he could, he pulled all all of his favors you know for 30 years is his favorite he pulled for me so
Casey Lane: I think I went to the continuation school for shit. I was like, almost a fifth year senior because my when when I met my I met my dad when I was 10 right
Casey Lane: And so he he was a truck driver and I got to meet with him, too. And I went on the road with him for a few months, and I gained like 60 pounds and then I just like never kind of lost it, and was always kind of
Casey Lane: Big grown up.
Casey Lane: And so when when he passed away. I was 14 he passed away and then my mom got I got death benefits like you know that he paid into social security or something. And so
Casey Lane: Yeah, we got a lot of money for me. Each month but as, as long as I was in school, so
Casey Lane: You know me and my mom had this kind of plan. You know that I would try to stay in school, kind of, as long as I could. So I was in sunset since high school for
Casey Lane: God knows how long. I was
Casey Lane: Like I said, almost a fifth year senior. That's a long, long, long time.
Casey Lane: You know,
Casey Lane: I was almost 20 it's something that was like crazy. So she was able to get get money for a long time and and stuff so
Casey Lane: But I never, never graduated, I just
Casey Lane: Know, not even high school right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any, do you have a history of any kind of legal issues.
Casey Lane: Past. No, no, actually that's
Casey Lane: That's one thing that my mom was always proud about she always boasted that, you know, I never got in trouble to please. I never
Casey Lane: I never got caught up, that's for sure. I have been in a lot of sticky situations. I have a lot of friends. You know that were in the drug world that guy was did a lot of shady shit.
Casey Lane: I just was very fortunate and lucky I'm not saying I was smooth, because I was not but
Casey Lane: I was fortunate to not getting trouble or caught up or with drugs on me or
Casey Lane: Or anything so
Casey Lane: Yeah, no, I'm very lucky.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any no no military background.
Casey Lane: No, no.
Casey Lane: Need to go there, but my bed.
Casey Lane: Yeah, he was super mad, and I didn't. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any, anything that I didn't touch on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you think is important for us to know about you.
Hmm.
Casey Lane: Well, I pretty much
Casey Lane: Pretty much. Besides that, the only thing that that I struggle with even now is that I had a
Casey Lane: All my family. Pretty much passed away almost all at the same time. And so that is pretty much, maybe the only thing I haven't told you I struggle with that and stuff and
Casey Lane: I talked about that, you know, I will try to talk about as much as I can. But I try to talk to Tony and Dr groves nose so my grandfather, pretty much. Well, actually, no, my, my niece, she was, she was born and then
Casey Lane: She was around
Casey Lane: 10 or 11
Casey Lane: And this was in the where I was getting a bunch of drugs and doing a bunch of drugs. Well, our whole family never hid the fact that we took pills or whatever. So
Casey Lane: My niece knew what pills were in, you know, at a very, very young age, and she knew she shouldn't have, I mean a lot of things she should know
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: She ended up you know kind of being a problem child. She had, she wasn't mentally retarded or nothing but she had some delays and some learning, you know, she had
Casey Lane: I don't, I don't want to say like a slight schizophrenia type stuff. But she took
Casey Lane: You know, some crazy pills when she was young.
Casey Lane: Abilify she was taken adult doses of Abilify. Do you know what that that pill is okay. So as a child, so you can understand her emotions are going crazy.
Casey Lane: You didn't know what was going on and she got suicidal at a young age, and just thought that she was being bullied at school, a little bit too. And my sister was
Casey Lane: She was my sister would kick my niece out of the house because my mom and my sister had had
Casey Lane: You know their own trailers in a trailer park and Klamath and they lived right next to each other, pretty much, so
Casey Lane: My sister, be like, get the fuck out of here. And, like, shut the door and lock her out. And so my niece would go to my mom, you know, and my mom would take care of her for days and days and
Casey Lane: And then she tried to send her back home and she wouldn't you know just shit like that. My sister had she had mental issues.
Casey Lane: She had schizophrenia.
Casey Lane: It didn't come out until a little bit later in her 20s. She had that. So she took a lot of psych meds.
Casey Lane: Abuse bar.
Casey Lane: You name it, right, you name it. She had those those meds.
Casey Lane: So she didn't know how to raise a child, and we all
Casey Lane: Thought we tried, but she
Casey Lane: She kept getting into things and and doing doing shit and she
Casey Lane: At first the first sign was when my mom went to go take a shower. She kept it because when I would steal from her all the time she kept trying to
Casey Lane: Hide things and you know try to keep her things on her and on her bra under her boob, you know, and so when she went to go take a shower. My niece.
Casey Lane: went in there to use the bathroom and then seeing my mom's pills in her in her clothes.
Casey Lane: And then she took one of her pills and then have it in their mouth. It was sucking on it. And so my mom got out of the shower and seeing like like
Casey Lane: Pill like residue on her mouth and stuff. And so she was like, What are you doing, and like reaching in grabbed it out. And so, thank God. It didn't go in there, you know, and so that was when she was really trying to get attention.
Casey Lane: And so she had done stuff like that.
Casey Lane: I mean, almost every week it was something you know she's trying to kill herself. She's trying to do this you're trying to do that she's having trouble at school and then I got a call.
Casey Lane: Kind of kind of early in the morning, he's like, well, ran is in an ambulance.
Casey Lane: She took a bunch of pills and Baba, blah. And so I'm just like, at the time I was just sensitized because I'm just like,
Casey Lane: I was like, again, she's at the hospital again because they pumped her stomach before and all this other stuff. And I'm just like, well,
Casey Lane: You know, whatever. I don't think any of that because she lied one time said she did when she really didn't. And then she you know did a little bit. Then they pumped her stomach for no reason. So she was all attention right so people were paying attention to her.
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: But this. This time it was for real. She went in the middle of the night, got into my sister's Lockbox and the lock was broken and my
Casey Lane: My brother in law got caught her in the middle of the night. It was like, get back to bed. You know, this, this and this and then
Casey Lane: She got in there and took a bunch of my sister's paying bills and other things and then odd at night while everybody was sleeping and my sister found her dead in the morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Casey Lane: I know. Right, right. It's right before school it was, you know, we're, we're all going to go school clothes shopping
Casey Lane: And I went down to the hospital. And I was sitting there and there was a detective sitting there, which I didn't know he was a detective.
Casey Lane: But he was asking me questions. I thought he was part of the hospital staff, I guess he's just trying to get information. You know, I didn't really know anything at the time, but
Casey Lane: The, the doctor came in and told us you know they worked on her for a good 15 minutes and they couldn't get her going and my mom did CPR.
Casey Lane: At the house and and there was a post the the people that the people that came that worked on her was like well you know you got her a post going. So let's just get her and go and
Casey Lane: And my mom did CPR honor and guard going and then they couldn't keep it. After that, I guess, and she ended up
Casey Lane: overdosing around 1112 years old.
Casey Lane: Wow. So that was kind of my, my first, you know, eye opener brush with that kind of stuff. It fucking tore our family apart.
Casey Lane: Yeah, my sister blame my mom. My mom blame my sister. I was stuck in the middle, trying to get them to it's it's a tragedy. I know we all fucked up. We all did it to her.
Casey Lane: There's not one of us, that is not as guilty as the other it, it's my sister was trying to lie to the police and say that ran a wood. That's her name ran went down to my mom's house.
Casey Lane: And got into her pills.
Casey Lane: held on to them or whatever went back to my sister's house and then took them after dinner and died THAT way.
Casey Lane: But we all knew that's not what happened. But she was trying to put my mom in jail. My mom was on trial, actually, because, excuse me, because
Casey Lane: Of what was going on.
Casey Lane: You know she be, she beat the stick. Because obviously there's nothing to really
Casey Lane: It was my. It was my sister. It was my sister's fault, you know, for not having a lock box. It was our fault because we raised her that way.
Casey Lane: And it was just a shitty situation, my mom and my sister and didn't talk for a lot of years and my sister had it.
Casey Lane: She was a habitual liar.
Casey Lane: She could make up anything and believe it, it did not matter what it was. She could just literally just hook line and sinker believe it herself and
Casey Lane: It was part of her mental she had and
Casey Lane: Over the years,
Casey Lane: On the phone, she'd call me and
Casey Lane: That's all she ever wanted to talk about what for years and years and my mom to that's all my mom cried every day for years. I don't know why she's doing this to me. CASEY I don't know why I'm just like, Mom, like, Oh, I got so fucking sick of it, you know.
Casey Lane: Yeah, I didn't know what to explain. I didn't know what to say. I'm just like, I'm fucking I've said it all to you. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And a lot
Casey Lane: He had it's it's it's a huge burden, especially to, you know, a rock in between both of them trying to, you know, you know,
Casey Lane: I want. I love you and I love you and it's hard to
Casey Lane: Yeah, when they both hate each other and they're my mom wasn't lying, but my sister was lying. It's my mom and so stuff came out in the paper here and send a bunch of lies. And so, and even, you know, suck. Even worse, and
Casey Lane: One, you know, my sister called me just out of the blue, like she always did. I was on the phone with her and we kind of got the conversation like we always did about it and I just said, you know, what are her name is Christina. Anyway, so I called her Chrissy.
Casey Lane: So,
Casey Lane: I said, You know what, Chrissy I'm fucking I am really fucking tired of indulging in your lie. I really am. I have never said it to you over the years because I love you and I don't want to hurt you.
Casey Lane: But that's not the fucking truth. You know what happened. I know what happened. Chrissy. I was there the day she died. I know what happened. We all went and got her fucking our medications that day.
Casey Lane: Mom took a bunch of her soma's and a bunch of her pills got all fucked up. She was passed out and a plate of food. I went and seen her. And you were there and
Casey Lane: So she was locked up right after that. So, Rana was in your care at that time. Rana did not go up there and get those pills.
Casey Lane: Even your own husband said that she got up in the middle of the night and was fucking around with that shit. And they told her to go to bed. So, you know, I just, I had a real hard realization with her and I just
Casey Lane: I don't know what helped me if God helped me or what because he gave me literally all the words that I wanted to say to her for years. It just flowed out perfectly.
Casey Lane: And then all the, all the things that she tried to come back at me with i'm just i'm just like No, that's not fucking true because of this and this and this.
Casey Lane: And then after a while, you know, she she broke down and was pretty much, you know, she said, You're, you're right, you know, and I said, I just didn't want my other son to get taken away, and this and this and this and
Casey Lane: So over the years I have been trying to get them to talk to each other and trying to get them to bury that that evil hatchet and finally over.
Casey Lane: Years and years and years of grief. I finally got her, you know, I said you need to call Mom, you need to talk to her.
Casey Lane: And you need to deal with whatever she says to you, because of the shit, you know, you need to apologize to her and whenever she says, you just need to listen and
Casey Lane: So she goes, Okay well call her and let her know I'm calling. I called my mom and I said well, Mom. Chris is going to call you and she's like, What
Casey Lane: She's gonna call you when she's going to talk to you. And she says, I don't want to fucking talk to her, and I said, you're going to talk to her.
Casey Lane: Because I just spent two hours on the phone with her trying to get you guys back together and you've been wanting to do this for a long time. So, just please please do it.
Casey Lane: And so they've you know talked over the phone. No, it wasn't as easy as that at first, but then over time and over months they spoke, and then
Casey Lane: After all these years. I was like my I fucking finally got my family back together. I've been trying so hard. I mean, so hard.
Casey Lane: And then I got a call.
Casey Lane: I got a call from my brother in law and he says, your sisters in the hospital.
Casey Lane: We were going to go look at buying a car, they live in.
Casey Lane: The desert. Oh.
Casey Lane: And she's in the hospital. We were gonna go buy a car. And so she started speaking gibberish and stuff. And so I thought she was. It was like a heat stroke.
Casey Lane: And so we went to like a subway. I got her water and tried to eat food, but she was like hallucinating and saying all kinds of weird stuff.
Casey Lane: So I called the ambulance. And so I was like oh my god you know I talked to him. He's like, I don't know what else is going on. I'll call you when I know
Casey Lane: And I was like, please. I didn't think it was you know that that crazy and he called me at two in the morning and he was like, She's dead. I said, What is yet your, your sister passed away. And I said, for what
Casey Lane: I guess she had an infection or something in the sack around your heart and it did something with her brain overheated.
Casey Lane: They couldn't get the temperature down. They did it first. They put her on ice. They got the temperature down and
Casey Lane: But then they, you know, tried to not, you know, have put the ice on or whatever and take it off and then after that, she just
Casey Lane: It was just like from from that to that and then get my family back together. Literally after fucking so many years, and then a few months after that. And then she dies and so
Casey Lane: My mom, you know, just getting to talk to her again. So now my mom is grieving again over the death of my sister.
Casey Lane: Her her firstborn.
Casey Lane: And then a couple months after that.
Casey Lane: My grandpa. He goes, goes in for just a regular old surgery. Nothing. Nothing crazy it was just a, you know, go in and go out, it was for some super small. I think they're just going up putting like like a colonoscopy or something.
Casey Lane: And I guess they ended up trying to feed him too early, when he, when he was on meds and he was all you know out of him and he was choking on his food, and he aspirated was ended up
Casey Lane: Dying, but he had a no resuscitate order.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Casey Lane: He exactly
Casey Lane: Right.
Casey Lane: I know my mom. My mom. She's right there. She's like, looking he's dying. She's joking. And then my, my aunt was like Terry, he hasn't know resuscitate or a weekend we can't do nothing, you know, and
Casey Lane: And over something so stupid. And he he ended up dying over that. And so it was just like bam, bam, bam, and then
Casey Lane: I think it was not even months later, after that, after I buried my grandfather I carried his casket and everything. I then my mom ended up dying out of nowhere like my cousin called me. It was like Casey need to get over here.
Casey Lane: Your mom is dead and i and i of course I was flipping out. I didn't know because you know she's my everything I love her. She's still is. Right, so I
Casey Lane: I go over to her house there's, you know, police and there's an ambulance.
Casey Lane: And they're
Casey Lane: They're willing her out of there with a you know draped with the blanket. I could see her hand sticking out of the blanket and I can see her rings on her finger. And her bracelet. And I'm just like, oh my god, that is her book.
Casey Lane: And it was hard because they want to ask me a bunch of stupid fucking questions. I just don't care to answer.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Casey Lane: You know, I'm trying to sneak a peek at hurt so I can you know
Casey Lane: Because it's last time I'm ever going to get to see her.
Casey Lane: And
Casey Lane: So it's, it's just, boom, one after another, one after another, one after another and so that that's just been bothering me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long ago was that
Casey Lane: I think. Let's see. I think it's been a few years now. I think it's been a, I think a few years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it doesn't it doesn't feel like it doesn't feel like that. Yeah. For me, it doesn't feel like that it
Casey Lane: It literally feels like maybe a month or so. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Because it was one right after another after another, it's compact drama compacted grief and loss. You know what I mean. And it's just going to take a while, a long while, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Casey Lane: Um, I think what
Casey Lane: The thing was my mom was always really honest with me. She I always knew what she wanted. If something were to happen to her. She was always, you know,
Casey Lane: Like that she was like, if something happens to me do this, this and this and
Casey Lane: Yeah, I was just, yeah. I guess it was supposedly because she had COPD.
Casey Lane: From from smoking all these years. And so they said it was a mix with the COPD, mixed with she would take pain pills at night.
Casey Lane: And she she took them how they're prescribed and everything she was. She didn't she never really abused the medications, she got from the doctor too much, you know, she's always kind of
Casey Lane: Took them, you know, even though she took them. She was always able to take them how they prescribed right so
Casey Lane: I guess it was a mixed with that and everything that her breathing was compressed. So it was respiratory depression and like with a flashlight comorbidity so it's like a few things to kind of lead into one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Casey Lane: It was kind of a perfect storm, I guess.
Casey Lane: So, but the good thing though the silver lining of all of that is that my mom got to see me clean
Casey Lane: Because I started getting clean. When I was 30 and she died when I was 34
Casey Lane: So I got to spend four years with her clean
Casey Lane: And so she got to see me really do everything that I wanted to, I got to
Casey Lane: Get a bank account again because I ruined I ruined my life I, you know, took money out when I wasn't supposed to. I had
Casey Lane: Oh, what do we call it cash advance over here. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I had a
Casey Lane: Bunch of cash advances out at one time. And I just never paid it back so I I thought all that shit was just gone.
Casey Lane: I went into the, the bank and I told the lady, you know, shorter story than this, of course, but I told her my that I was, you know, clean, I was getting clean. I wanted to get a bank account. I want to change my life and she
Casey Lane: It was up to her and she said, Okay, I'll wipe all that stuff office. She's like, Don't fucking make it look like that, you know, know how this comes back to bite me because I'm believing you so I will let I'll say sign off on it, but
Casey Lane: She was like, then I get to watch you throughout the years, and I'll. So I said, Okay, and so she did. She gave me bank account. So she got to watch. We get that
Casey Lane: She got to watch me pay off my fines and get my license because I never I didn't drive for 12 years, all kinds of stuff. So these little things are huge things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. Very good.
Casey Lane: Yeah, I got to take care of her, and actually take care of her instead of trying to get pills out of her it was
Casey Lane: Totally different relationship me and her had
Casey Lane: He actually
Casey Lane: When I first got on she actually I told her about, you know,
Casey Lane: Suboxone and what what it did for me. And when I first started, I think I gave her some and then she was able to
Casey Lane: Get off of drugs and stuff as well as like the pain pills and everything. And so she she didn't get off them completely, but she got
Casey Lane: From what she was taking until what she took at the end were drastically drastically different
Casey Lane: And she would only take like one small you know piece of a pain pill instead of, you know, two or three or something. And so it was it was good to see her like that to her attitude change both of our added it was just like
Casey Lane: Man, they got along great. So I cherish those
Casey Lane: Four years that we really got to know each other.
Casey Lane: In and out personally all over again. And yeah.
Casey Lane: It wasn't forgave her for a lot of stuff, talk to her, you know about what I'm talking to you now. Talk to me about my life and
Casey Lane: Just all kinds of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff.
Casey Lane: You got to let it you gotta let let that stuff go you know it's it's hard, but I don't think I would have been able to get where I am with without
Casey Lane: Really telling those stories and releasing it and that's that's why I'm able to tell it to you now is back then it would be so hard. I'd be choking up big time. It'd be
Casey Lane: Super hard but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's really cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to see you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you have to, you know, and you'll grieve probably for a very very long time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta take it as it comes. Yeah.
Casey Lane: Okay, still hard for me. So, yeah.
Casey Lane: It is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gonna be for a while, you know, for a long while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know. Yeah, definitely. Um, you just got to take it as it comes a little piece little pieces, you know, at a time, be able to walk through it. It's a lot of loss. A lot of family loss.
Casey Lane: And I wanted to, I have all their ashes and I wanted
Casey Lane: My mom wanted to be laid to rest at a, at a family in Brookings where she knew like a friend, where they they have a farm with like
Casey Lane: Like a river and everything that runs through Brookings and so they she's always wanted to be laid there is called Gardner ranch and so
Casey Lane: I was going to do it. I think this year. But since what's going on right now in the world. They
Casey Lane: They were doing a class reunion. And so my aunt was like, hey, I'll talk to everybody. We can lay them to rest during the
Casey Lane: You know, so all her friends can be there and all this stuff. And so I was like, wow. That's like, that's a good idea. And I got, I got a call, not that long ago saying I guess they, you know, said his name on it.
Casey Lane: For now, yeah. So it might be another couple years or so before I get to do that but
Casey Lane: That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you don't happen when it's supposed to happen, you know,
Casey Lane: True that. But I think that's just pretty much the last kind of key. I need to do. I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. All right. CASEY I'm gonna let you go. I already have somebody in the waiting room. Thank you so much.
You got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the information. I appreciate it very, very much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will see you in group. The next
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Group. Okay.
Casey Lane: All right, it should be soon probably
Casey Lane: Be soon. Yep. All right then, thank you.
Casey Lane: Okay.
Casey Lane: I can sign it off by
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, hi, Jennifer. How are you sorry about
Jennfer castro: That that's okay, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. How are things going. I'm
Jennfer castro: Good so far today and. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been going on with you.
Jennfer castro: Um, I don't know, just life, I guess, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life where craziness of life.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, everybody's locked it locked up. I might as well be locked up. I mean,
Jennfer castro: Yeah, can't really do much. You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As I mean it's been going on.
Jennfer castro: Well, we're on everybody has to stay home you're on a stay home. Aren't you order to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, look, I'm in. I'm over here in in San
Francisco
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kidding.
Jennfer castro: Hey machinations everything. I mean, it's operation, you can do anything. I think
Jennfer castro: I've just been sitting at home.
Jennfer castro: A lot. I mean, not that I ever really did anything but now that I have to stay home. It's like you can't find nothing to do
You know what I mean.
Jennfer castro: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything's been going okay
Jennfer castro: Um, so yeah, for the most part, I mean,
Jennfer castro: Trying to stay with my sobriety and it's kind of hard. Because I've heard a lot, you know,
Jennfer castro: And it
Jennfer castro: Takes my paint takes everything away. So I've been doing pretty good. I'm actually pretty
Jennfer castro: I'm all right with what I'm doing.
Jennfer castro: I'm not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what
Jennfer castro: He said, My. She said, I was like, pretty content and where I'm at.
Jennfer castro: And I said, he said, if that was the word I was looking for, maybe, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you look
Jennfer castro: Very good, thank you. And I
Jennfer castro: Get my hair and makeup today.
Jennfer castro: I didn't get her makeup.
Jennfer castro: Make them feel better, a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I was gonna self care. We need that definitely we need that.
Jennfer castro: You know there's been I'll go for months without doing my hair, makeup.
Jennfer castro: I'll go for months without even leaving my house. Sometimes
Jennfer castro: It's been a little while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So are you getting the help that you need. Um, with all of this craziness that's going on within the world. Is there anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're struggling to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To access
Jennfer castro: Not really, not so far. I mean, we have are pretty much stuck on everything. My mom's made sure that that's happened, you know,
Jennfer castro: We're actually making our own hand sanitizers and we're giving them out to everybody that we come across, you know, help them out. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't really good
Jennfer castro: Yeah, my sister is like a worrywart so she's
Jennfer castro: constantly worried about the next person coming over the next person getting my mom. My mom has turned 65
Jennfer castro: Oh, she's at that vulnerable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Age. And plus, she has COPD. Oh, yeah.
Jennfer castro: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So she's trying to protect mom right
Jennfer castro: Yes, yes. And she's been a little overbearing doing it. But hey, we love her for that you know she wasn't doing it. Obviously, we're not doing enough, you know, she doesn't think
Jennfer castro: He's got a Mom's Mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any triggers or cravings, or any issues that have come up in the last little bit
Jennfer castro: Um, well, my triggers. I'm not. I just like doing it, to be honest, it's just them.
Jennfer castro: Everything goes away, like I get lost in my mind a lot and lost my thought. And I beat myself up and I am don't give myself credit for not much of anything. I think that I
Jennfer castro: If I did do it or they can be. It could have been done better. You know,
Jennfer castro: Yeah, so
Jennfer castro: I don't know.
Jennfer castro: I take walks a lot
Jennfer castro: Yeah, but it's just my trailer park.
Jennfer castro: Good. And I've, I've been trying to do more meetings, meet with the counselor or you counselor you a psychologist.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have a master's in psychology, but I am a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Certified substance abuse counselor, so
Jennfer castro: Okay, so that's your my counselor and then
Jennfer castro: Yeah, brother. He is my site. Okay, yeah, this is
Jennfer castro: So I meet with her one week. Then I have my group. Now, I guess I'm going to be meeting with you for a little while. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yes, that's the plan. I think, and it's just to kind of help you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I my part in it is I will help you walk through triggers. I will help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Walk through anything that substance abuse related anxiety related I can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you develop any kind of coping.
Jennfer castro: Skills that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel, you know, you might need that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That type of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you're struggling with stuff you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we can process through it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On our
Sessions.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, just kind of really be your substance abuse support therapist.
Jennfer castro: Through this whole process. I know. Yeah. Yeah. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Jennfer castro: Are we going to take a subject per week or something or just going to talk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit of both. I kind of want to what I like to do is to walk through your week
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pinpoint anything that has arisen that you've struggled with that we could figure out skills and as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It comes up again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I want to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what I like to do is really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ask you, you know, and what areas do you feel that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Need to gain more strengthen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need to gain more solid
Jennfer castro: You know, grounding.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so really, you're going to be driving this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This art therapy sessions.
Jennfer castro: With things that you're struggling with which will then help me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: bring things to the table that I can teach you to help you walk through different scenarios.
Jennfer castro: Is really okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know kind of what what I do best.
Jennfer castro: Pretty much a guidance counselor. I'm kind of like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help you gain a solid foundation in your recovery and walk you through any tough stuff that's going on, you know, kind of give you information and coping skills, you know, for your addiction that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you're struggling with or that you don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, know how to deal with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a lot of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's good
Jennfer castro: That no no I'm listening to you. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna say, a lot of times there are things that we haven't been able to walk through in our life, which is really what we're trying to get out of. And that's why we you know we found
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Substance, we found that it works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now that we're trying to live without it we need to replace it with other, you know, things that can work, probably not as well because you're not going to be numb to walk in through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The feelings. Right.
Jennfer castro: Yeah. Yes.
Jennfer castro: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I do know is that there's a beginning, middle, and an end to it, whether it be a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: THON, whether it be a feeling, whether it be a trigger, whether it be craving.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It can happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you allow it to so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And today is just really a, you know, it's just a short get together for us to, you know, talk about some of the things that we want to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really is all today was really kind of our first individual session and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to know, you know, what is going to be a good date and time for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, let me evaluate my schedule. See, you know, we can connect the time that you and I can get together.
Jennfer castro: You know, okay. Mm hmm.
Jennfer castro: So then, do I talk to you, Mike, and because you like about the issues that I like.
Jennfer castro: The things that like seem to trigger me or whatever or like family issues. Yep.
Jennfer castro: Yep. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, yes.
Jennfer castro: I want to work on my relationship with my mom, my mother actually I should say I have a mom lady I live with my mom.
Jennfer castro: To I consider my mother, my mom, I respect her as you should have a mom, I don't have any respect for my biological mother. I don't, he's hurt me in so many different ways. I can't even describe it. Like, I don't
Jennfer castro: Know hasn't called me throughout this whole thing at all, not, not one time.
Jennfer castro: She when she does call me. She just some
Jennfer castro: Everything's negative. I never do anything right. I have a sister that younger than me that I always felt like
Jennfer castro: She's
Jennfer castro: loved him or something or or just
Jennfer castro: Printed no wrong and I did everything wrong. And then I have two younger brothers that are stepbrothers.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, and my mom. Well, I have more than that. I'm also married five times the last marriage being the longest
Jennfer castro: But
Jennfer castro: Like they can't do any wrong either everything that I do is nothing they don't give me credit for anything, anything positive in my life. So always focus on the negative with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's a bad place to be. Very much so.
Yeah.
Jennfer castro: So I just
Jennfer castro: I stopped. I don't really associate with I don't talk to her at all. I'm around her. I just don't even want to be there. Yeah, my kids go over there. My mom has a relationship with my kids, but their topic of conversation is usually my mess ups.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it isn't good.
Jennfer castro: No. Not at all. Not at all, my step dad don't know he just Nope sorry he don't have anything good to say about me at all.
Jennfer castro: When I go to his house. I've never been. I'm not the kind of drug addicts that steals from you I don't never been one that anything I've never done anything like that, just being a drug addict. Maybe not holding my job as long as I stay think I should have or
Jennfer castro: Maybe I've gone through a couple cars or something that I've never been, I've never stolen from nobody. Avoid I never had to
Jennfer castro: Yeah, but he locked things up. Like, I'm going to steal from them.
Jennfer castro: You won't allow me to be in a room by myself. You know what I mean like that kind of stuff. And he'll you don't have a promise, saying that are putting it on me on blast in front of people either
Jennfer castro: You know, and
Jennfer castro: My mom.
Jennfer castro: I was in the hospital like
Jennfer castro: To go. My mom didn't come to me not want my mother.
Jennfer castro: She knew I was there. In fact, she works at the hospital.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Jennfer castro: She didn't come seem
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really sorry about that. That is horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. We have a lot of stuff.
Jennfer castro: We can definitely work.
On
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can work on coping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Skills to deal with a messed up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Relationship with your mom, you know,
Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can work on triggers and cravings, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can work on different coping skills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, for your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Building up your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Making it completely solid so that you have other things to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reach for other than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your drug of choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's a lot of different things. You know, we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can bring to the table.
Jennfer castro: Process through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And find resolutions for I'm very resolution based
Jennfer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want solutions.
Jennfer castro: I want these to get better. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I don't want to focus on on the negative things. It's like life already is throw throw so much negativity at us.
Jennfer castro: Let's figure out how we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, build up on what you've already achieved and you've achieved a lot getting sober. I mean, that's a feed on itself and then
Jennfer castro: You know,
Jennfer castro: I'm not completely sober off of everything I have that the heroin. I have been picked up and on Suboxone but I've actually trying to wean myself off this box and already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Jennfer castro: I just don't
Jennfer castro: I don't like I want to be clean. But I method. I've been doing this since I was 18 years old.
Jennfer castro: morning and night, and that's one thing that I'm that's gonna be the hardest one for a foot with heroin is that was my numbing thing that was what numbed me from everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so we can work on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. We'll work on that. That's all right. You've, you've kicked. One of the hardest ones.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now let's go for the for his brother.
Jennfer castro: Right. Okay. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll work on that, you know, I'll walk through you through this whole process with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No worries. No worries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No judgment. It's about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you progressing in this whole
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing in your recovery and, you know, achieving, you know, complete sobriety, like what you what you want.
Jennfer castro: All right. Okay. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I get it. It's tough. And I know it's tough, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm here to support you through it and to bring different ideas to the table to help you, you know, in this you know war.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it's a war.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
It's a war.
Jennfer castro: For sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely it's a war and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will, you know, do my best to bring as much ammo, as I can to help you fight it. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me, Jennifer, what is the best day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's start there for us to meet for an hour.
Jennfer castro: Okay, so right now. Well, I mean, with
Jennfer castro: Mary I think her name is on Tuesdays and I have my group on Wednesdays and then also on Mondays. I want to start going to another one at seven o'clock with Mary. She does another
Jennfer castro: Like open group session that she does do that, I can just check into if I want to
Jennfer castro: Raise. Yeah. Let me see. Mary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Monday night.
Yeah.
Jennfer castro: That's seven o'clock. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's my group.
Jennfer castro: Okay, so instead of group, but I'm not. Okay, Miss Mary, Mary. Because Mary
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mary Kastner is your doctor.
Jennfer castro: Okay, my doctor actually Jamison
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe you're switching over to Mary, I don't know, I have to ask
Jennfer castro: Okay, because I thought, Mary was my psychologist, you weren't going to be my counselor and then Jacobson was Jake Jake Jamison was going to be
Jennfer castro: Is my doctor. That's what I
Jennfer castro: Thought yeah cuz I'm going to sequel, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Jennfer castro: What I
Jennfer castro: Wanted to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. The seven o'clock group is I'm the therapist in that group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and Mary Kastner comes in that group once or twice a month really
That and then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then I'm there all the time. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll meet every week in that group, as well as, you know, or individual sessions. So you're in group Monday, you're going to start on Mondays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Did you see what
Jennfer castro: Mandates will be. I wanted to do the Monday to to I wanted to do it because she had offered it then Tuesday I'm gonna see the psychologist, lady. We're going to talk about other things personal things turn I just turned I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Jennfer castro: And then I have another group with Jamison on Wednesday, which is my
Jennfer castro: Group with her when I get my Suboxone and all that stuff.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, and then. Today I'm meeting with you. So Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday is what I wanted to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and then Thursday, it would be the best day for you to meet with me then that
Jennfer castro: My one on one. Yes. If we can do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and is Afternoon or morning better for you.
Jennfer castro: I would prefer. I mean, if it's going to be wanting to be like 10 3011. You know what I mean, like maybe new you know midday. I don't know what that is, but I'm not very a morning person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So right, you got it. I don't have a problem with that at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if it means just
Jennfer castro: foreign to the day that I usually I forget. I'll be doing something so like bringing my days best time for me, you know. So 1030 or 11 or somewhere around there would be ideal, but I'll work with you whatever you thought
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Actually I have 11 O'clock open on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the 16th. So let's um
Jennfer castro: Yeah, that's great. That's perfect.
Jennfer castro: So 11am
Jennfer castro: And that will be a one on one.
Jennfer castro: Yes. Okay, that'll be great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And then what I want you to do, St. Joe is I want you to think about some of the things personally that you want to work on and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Specifically,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And bring that to our next
Jennfer castro: Meeting. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we will build your treatment plan off of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working on those issues. Okay, that
Jennfer castro: Works for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that work.
Jennfer castro: Yes.
Jennfer castro: That's fine with absolutely
Jennfer castro: Okay.
Jennfer castro: So I started. I've been this I'm
Jennfer castro: committed to doing this before. I've done free programs before it's completed to when I walked out on. I've never, but I was made had to do them or it was given ultimatums or whatever.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, but I did them, but this time I did this voluntarily on my own. I was ready so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the thing we got to be able to you know to do it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be ready to do it. You know what I mean.
Jennfer castro: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I'm not telling you anything you don't know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Jennfer castro: Yes, your, your, yeah. So anyways, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm just getting security domains schedule.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For this date and time. So that will be our regular recurring appointment.
Jennfer castro: All right, on every Thursday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every Thursday 11 o'clock, you and I will meet and we'll meet for an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we will work on different strategies will work on different issues will work on different coping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Skills to build up on your recovery to where we can get you to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be 100% you know so and that's what we're going to work towards
Jennfer castro: Yeah, that's my goal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so if that's your goal, tell me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At once.
Jennfer castro: A month
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three months, six months. How long do you want to work on it before you finally
Jennfer castro: I think that it's going to take a while. I have some a lot of
Jennfer castro: Issues.
Jennfer castro: Can PSP is what they kind of what the God talk to
Jennfer castro: Today's Tuesday said, I have a lot of those in social but i don't i'm social, but I think things in my head when I'm out there.
Jennfer castro: Talking to people.
So,
Jennfer castro: He said, Oh, boy. So, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, we have a game plan in place so we know what we're going to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you put in your phone, you know, at 1030 every Thursday to check into the virtual clinic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you can be directed to me and you and I will start next week.
Jennfer castro: To okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start building your toolbox and get you to a point where we can get you to achieve the goals that you have for yourself. Okay.
Jennfer castro: Okay, great, great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so
Jennfer castro: All right, we're getting
Jennfer castro: We're getting this short than right now our
Jennfer castro: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll start next time for an hour. We'll get busy next
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Week.
Jennfer castro: This is you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will talk to you later. Jennifer
Jennfer castro: Alright.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a good day. Okay. You too.
Bye bye.
I